# Dashboards
https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/devangi.samal/viz/H2RDAroundtheWorld/H2ProjectExploration?publish=yes

Hydrogen fuel sources do not create direct CO2 emissions, therefore the switch from fossil fuels to hydrogen fuel cells in turbines, engines, etc would increase sustainability. Hydrogen is abundant, lightweight, very powerful. The only byproduct of burning hydrogen fuel cells would be water. It can be produced from renewable energies such as hydropower or electrolysis with solar energy. This kind of technology is many years away, expensive, and current infrastructure countries does not support such types of fuel. However, interest is growing as great many industries seek to manufacture and operate more sustainably and leave a smaller carbon footprint. For example iron & steel manufacturers seek to change from fossil fuel blasts furnace to electrical furnaces to produce steel. Hydrogen burning can be used to aid that transition. This dashboard seeks to display the interest in hydrogen production around the world. It summarizes how much is planned for production, what kind hydrogen and technology will be used and who are end users for that kind of energy.

The data for this dashboard comes from www.iea.org, Internation Energy Agency. The Hydrogen Projects list is a dataset that collects key metrics about hydrogen projects around the world from articles, news releases, and other announcements. It updated at least once a year. This dashboard uses data as of 2022. The dataset signifies if a project implements carbon capture with "/CCUS". To visualize the application of carbon capture implementation, I added a 'carbon capture' column to identify if a project plans carbon capture or not; 1 means yes, blank means no. I converted country abbreviations to full country names to bring clarity to the locations of planned projects. 
